Text Docs (#10)
kodefox/exoflex-docs: docs/text.md

---
id: text
title: Text
---

Text with preconfigured font family when used inside the `Provider`.

> For using custom font families, please refer to [theming](theming) docs.
> 
> ```tsx live

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For using custom font families, please refer to [theming](theming) docs.

## Usage

```tsx live
```

---
id: text
title: Text
---

Text with preconfigured font family when used inside the `Provider`.

> For using custom font families, please refer to [theming](theming.md) docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For using custom font families, please refer to [theming](theming) docs.
```

## Usage

> ### Basic

Reviewer: We don't use this if we only have one usage example.
